The Joe Rogan experience. Now, once you say it, stand up in podcasting.
Really? Yeah. Well, podcasting is right now,
it's emerging as a different beast. See, before people would joke about it,
they would go, what are you doing? Like Howard Stern's to make fun of it. Like,
why not just yell out your window? W w what are you doing? And, you know,
but he was coming from,
you got to think he's a pioneer and radio and traditional radio.
And he made his bones radio, and he carved this path and radio.
And then all of a sudden this thing comes along where anybody can do it.
That's a threat.
It's a little bit of a threat. It's a little.
Bit of that,
but it's also see in a way I understand his perspective because in
his day when he made it,
he had to compete against all these other killers. Right.
So you've got all these other morning guys, all over the country.
And then when he goes in syndicates,
so he'll invade Chicago and he's invading Los Angeles trying to take over,
take it over. But there was only a few slots, right? So you couldn't,
you couldn't listen to his show later. You had to listen to it then. Yep.
So everyone's competing during these slots.
So you have this slot that is 6:00 AM to 9:00 AM. That's drive time, baby.
Even now he doesn't know podcasts. And I'm like,
I remember I used to listen to Howard for a long time.
Probably like maybe a year ago they brought up something.
Cause he was on podcasting is to podcasts. There's even make money.
And one of the guys got on there, you know, I forget his crew's name. He goes,
I think Joe Rogan does. He goes and about what? Not, not tons of money.
Like he's not, he's not set.
I want to him like a long time listener first time caller. Well.
It doesn't matter.
What, man. I just started. It was weird. Like, dude, you still,
you still don't give it respect. Like you me.
Who do you think he's hanging around with though? You know like his wife? Yeah.
It's probably hanging around his wife,
maybe a few other really rich friends that are probably famous. I mean,
I don't know how much, but you've got to.
Have your ear to the ground, being a guy in radio all the time.
When people get so famous, it's almost impossible.
It's almost impossible to keep it to.
You know what bummed me out. And again, I'm a huge Howard stern fan.
I think you, and I think maybe I forget who sent it to me,
but I sent it to you when Howard stern, it released that to his employees.
He has like a, a yearly like meeting with his employees and someone recorded it.
It makes you feel so sick. Like, dude,
such a bomber. You realize how Hollywood is. You're all off. dude.
I think people get seduced by it, man. I think they do.
They get seduced by the idea of, you know, well, first of all,
you need friends. You need really good friends that are like you,
that are in your world. And I think one of the things that separates us,
all of us as comics from a rest of Hollywood is like, God,
we're glued to each other. We're glued.
And we on each other and we laugh and we compliment each other and we love each
other and we call each other and we tell each other, we love each yeah.
A hundred percent full support. It's different, man. It's different.
We're a different thing. And no one.
But also it's not a doggy dog.
Just trying to help dude. When someone murders it,
everybody's running out of that room, telling everybody that heard it.
And when you see bill Burr, go on stage in the main room, we crush it.
You're coming out and saying it and I'm coming out and saying it and counts
saying it. And we're all excited. Like, God, that was awesome. What a set? Holy.
And we'll talent people. You see beer crush it. Oh my God. He crushed it.
You know, there's a, there's a,
a love for the art and a love for each other.
And the, the, the comradery,
like the wanting people to be good.
You realize like it doesn't have to just be about you. And they, they didn't,
I don't think they, I think that's, you know,
we were talking about competition earlier.
We're talking about Jordan and Tyson and the crazy,
like that's Howard stern when it comes to radio, man. Yeah, you're right.
You gotta realize that that's the that he, he them all.
You heard them up.
And you heard him apologize for it the way he treated some people. Yes.
I think one guy commits suicide and he's like, I felt bad for that. You know,
you could see you'd go in. And he was like, at that time,
that's what I had to do.
Well, that's what he did. Right? Whether he had to do it or not.
That's what he did. No doubt. Yeah. It did work. And he felt like you had to do.
And look, he's also, we, we have to, everything you have to look into,
you got to look at it with perspective. And in my head,
what Howard Stern's always going to represent is the guy who paved the way,
like without him,
you got to realize there was nothing like Howard stern before Howard stern w it
didn't exist. You had Don IMS, who's kind of risque.
And then here comes this really tall,
long haired rock and roll type, dude. He doesn't give a.
And he just wants to have porn stars on.
And girls are riding vibrators and people are fart and songs in the microphones.
It's madness. And he's getting sued by the government man. So the,
the government,
th th they're coming down with these huge judgements against the company that
owns it. And he keeps going and he keeps go and podcasts.
All our, you know, Patrice used to say, like, Patricia,
say about other comics that like David tell David tells, got a lot of babies.
And what he meant is that there's a lot of other comics that would imitate David
tell they,
they would do it just out of the fact that they were fans and they were
insecure and they're doing, they're not, they're not plagiarists.
They just were not that good yet. When I was young, man, I sounded,
I used to sound exactly like Richard, Jenny really heard myself on stage.
When I had been doing an open,
I caught myself doing like a bad Richard
Jeni impression with my material when I was like 21 or something like that, 22,
I was like, oh my God, I'm terrible.
Because I was such a Richard Jeni fan at the time that I was like,
mimicking him on stage and all the way purpose. A lot of comics do it, man.
We find ourselves doing it with different acts. Um,
I'll find my myself. And it's not that I'm copying.
I've a lot of mannerisms like Brian or Deleah because we're around them all the
time. Those are my I'm molded by that. That's my normal.
But then eventually like you,
you break out of it and you become your own thing. Yeah.
We got to all realize that what Howard stern
did before anybody was,
he created this radio chaos.
He created this chaos. We had these, these people,
these whack Packers were out of their minds. And he would interview them and,
and, and talk to all these people.
That was the first one. And then remember yet celebrities on.
But he wasn't like, oh, how's your movie. He'd be like, who are you? Yeah.
And then they wouldn't answer it.
But then he would circle back and somehow get it out of it, dude.
It was a different world.
Back then the world was different and he made it possible for people to talk
the way we talk.
And then Opie and Anthony were the next important phase because when Opie and
Anthony were, were a hang, whereas Howard is the man behind the switchboard.
And Howard is in control of his,
in his universe with Opie and Anthony people would just show up,
like, I'd be on the air. And it would be like four or five other comics there.
And we would, we would love it. And chip Jim notices all the time at the time,
Jim was a regular he's, he's one of the more unique comics ever.
He's a very interesting guy.
I love his love of transsexuals and how he just sees the way he
talks. He's just so honest and raw,
but what Opie and Anthony, where were the first loose hang? You know,
it was like,
Anthony would kind of be orchestrating it a little bit where he like keeping
everybody, making sure, you know, keeping an eye on everything,
making sure it didn't get out of hand. And then Anthony, is this a very,
he's a guy who grew up doing construction and that's literally
how he got into radio, but is also very intelligent, very inquisitive.
So he's got like a regular guy sensibility, but he's also very smart. Yeah.
And then he would have, you would have all these comics and then Norton,
who is a great comic himself would be there.
And he'd be Collin Quinn and bill Burr and me and Shaffir and
all those madness, man. It was nothing like that. Really? No non radio,
not radio, but that's what made podcasts become what they are.
Because like those guys, let comics just hang out and talk.
No one had ever been,
let comics just hang out and run the show before Opie and Anthony.
So the big steps to podcasting where Howard stern is the most important.
And then after Howard stern, these are Howard Stern's babies.
Howard Stern's babies are like Opie and Anthony were Howard Stern's babies,
but they became their own thing.
Just like a comic would imitate David Towl when he's a young guy.
And then as he gets older, he finds his own speed.
And there's a lot of comics right now that are like top level guys that are
better. If you watch them 10, 15 years ago,
they would sound a lot like someone else.
And then Opie and Anthony opened up the door to podcasting.
Cause they made comics where they could just hang.
And then everyone's got their own style. Like Ron Funches has his own style.
Eric Griffin has his own style. You and Brian have your own style.
Theo's got his completely union style. All of us have these different things.
Cigar has got his style,
Christina Palicki and him together have their style Sigora and Chrysler Chrysler
has got to stop. Are you going to style Burton Burr? Yes.
You have a great podcast too, but it's just like,
the world is more bountiful than it was back then.
It's not like Burt and Burr are competing against Bert.
Bert show was one was run by one production company,
but Burton Burr were run by a different,
and they're both going to be at noon and you have to listen to one or the other
and Burton Burr in this argument. You've trader you know, you were, you were,
we, it was us together. you. And who, you know,
now they're going to take us out of noon. You know, that's that's,
that was what they had to deal with. It was a totally different dynamic.
Now it's a totally, it's like we were trapped in these tunnels,
fighting for air and pop and we got to the top of the tunnel and there's all the
air you want is free air free air. You can just put up a podcast,
put up a video, put up, put up, make a video, make a sketch sketch.
You can do whatever you want. And then it might get seen by a million people.